# Password Generator Swing GUI

## Introduction
Welcome to the Password Generator Swing Graphical User Interface application! This project is a Java-based desktop application designed to generate secure passwords based on user-defined criteria. The application features a user-friendly interface built using the Swing framework, allowing users to customize password generation settings and view the password history.

## Features
- **Password Generation**: Create secure passwords with customizable options, including uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, and symbols.
- **Password Strength Evaluation**: Assess the strength of generated passwords and display it with a progress bar.
- **Password History**: Store and manage recently generated passwords with encryption for added security.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: A clean and intuitive interface built with Swing for easy navigation and usage.

## Getting Started
Follow these steps to get started with the Password Generator Swing GUI application:

### Prerequisites
- Java Development Kit (JDK) installed on your machine.
- An Integrated Development Environment (IDE) such as Visual Studio Code or IntelliJ IDEA.

### Folder Structure
The workspace contains the following folders:
- **src**: The folder to maintain source code.
- **lib**: The folder to maintain dependencies.
- **bin**: The folder where compiled output files are generated by default.

### Running the Application
1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AJ-Munnick/Password-Generator-Swing-GUI.git
